Let's learn about 
Jupyter
 Notebooks
Data Science is a profession that combines Computer Science, Statistics, and many other disciplines to answer questions about the world.
Data Scientists use data and programming to answer real questions.
Python is a popular language for Data Science because there are many tools available to make that task easier.
Jupter
 Notebooks are one such tool.
A 
Jupyter
 Notebook is a document that can combine text, code, and the output of code all into one place.
Data Scientists use 
Jupyter
 Notebooks to share the results of their analysis in such a way that colleagues can review the results and the process.
Jupyter
 is easily installed as part of the Anaconda distribution of Python.
Either by searching for the "
Jupyter
 Notebook" application on your computer, or using the Anaconda Navigator, you can easily launch 
Jupyter
.
Once 
Jupyter
 finishes loading, a new browser window will appear.
This window represents a folder on your computer that will store your 
Jupyter
 Notebooks.
You can choose any existing notebooks, which you may not have yet, by clicking on any files with a "
ipynb
" extension.
You may see other files and folders there, but you can ignore them.
To create a new Notebook, click the "New" button in the top right, and then choose the "Python [
conda
 root]" option from the "Notebooks" heading.
A new window will open with your freshly created Notebook ready to be edited.
A 
Jupyter
 Notebook is a series of "Cells".
New cells can be created by clicking the "+" button in the top-left.
Each cell can contain either Code or Markdown.
The type of a cell can be controlled by the drop-down menu in the middle of the top toolbar.
Code cells allow you to enter lines of Python code.
When you have finished editing the code, you can click the "Run" button in the toolbar.
The code will then be evaluated, and any output will be placed directly below the cell.
Markdown is a way of writing text that will add formatting.
This formatting is similar to what you would find in a document editor like Word or Google Docs.
For instance, if you put asterixis around a word, it will be italicized.
If you put a hash symbol at the beginning of a line, it will become a section header.
For more information about writing Markdown, you can check out the documentation in the link provided.
Once you have created your Notebook, you can share it with others by 
downoading
 it.
In the top right, click the "File" menu and hover over the "Download as" option.
Two useful ways of downloading the Notebook are as "Python (.
py
)" and "PDF via 
LaTeX
".
The Python file will be runnable code, while the PDF is a document format.
